---
description: ""
featured_image: ""
tags: [partners]
title: "Product Engagements"
weight: 4
---

Our cloud-ready, multi-tenants, and production-grade products are ready for your business. You can engage in our SaaS (Software as a Service) Offer, On-premises Offer, White-labelling Offer, and Full Technology Offer. <!--more-->

SaaS Offer
---
Our cloud-based, multi-tenants SaaS Offer is a full featured solution with continue platform upgrade and support by our technical team. Partners of Our SaaS Offer can “resell” or directly “use” the solution on your business.  For “reselling” the solution you can charge your clients with setup, consulting, or training fees.  You set these yourself and keep 100% of the fees as well as the margin.

On-premises Offer
---
Our On-premises Offer supports running our products in customer data centers. Although there's plenty of good reasons for using SaaS solutions, the advantages of on-premises deployments should not be overlooked. One obvious reason is that customers can have more control with on-premises deployments. Customers can fully manage their infrastructure, security policy, downtime schedule, integration points, capacities, etc.

White-labelling Offer
---
If you are a service provider hosting customers and looking to provide your own platform, white-labelling our products to enable you with an opportunity to brand and re-skin the platform and provide your own unique cloud-based and on-promises offer.

Full Technology Offer
---
Our Full Technology Offer allow you to fully license the source code of our products, create a new service based on the software and sell it to clients as YOUR OWN solutions. Our experienced technical team who built the product from scratch is ready here to support you for any customizations and extensions that meet your business needs. 

