---
description: ""
featured_image: "images/service.png"
tags: [partners]
title: "Service Engagements"
weight: 6
---

Our strong, cost-effective technical team is ready for various level of service engagements including Consultation Offer, Integration Offer, Customization Offer, and Outsourcing/Offshoring Offer. <!--more-->

Consultation Offer
---
Our technology consultation offer is rooted on our deep knowledge in our product domain and experiences of servicing our customers with the products. We can bring an objective solution to the table and help your business with the best practice to improve productivity and efficiency while reducing costs. 

Integration Offer
---
Our products have well defined and tested open API (Application Programming Interface) to extend the core functionality of our products to meet the need of best-of-breed solutions of your business. Combining with our flexible Outsourcing/Offshoring Offer, your integration effort can be executed in the most time and cost effective way.

Customization Offer
---
The standard open API of our products may not meet all the needs of your business. Our Customization Offer is to tailor-made our products to fit your most exclusive requirements, whether it’s a complete UI (User Interface) makeover, data schemas redesign, analytic aggregation, or new functional requirements. Combining with our flexible Outsourcing/Offshoring Offer, your customization effort can be executed in the most time and cost effective way.

Outsourcing/Offshoring Offer
---
Software developers are a high cost, difficult to find part of any company's staff,  especially for companies needing specific, specialized talent. Because of the high cost of software development, many companies are turning to outsourcing. Our Outsourcing/Offshoring Offer is making the usual outsourcing model more efficient and effective with the following combinations:
* Our offer will build a dedicated team around your project that you know the team members by person with transparent cost and overhead charge. Your project team is very much like your own employees. 
* The technical team have honed their skills for years in our product domains that can contribute to the productivity of your project on day one.
* Our offer includes a transition path from outsourcing to offshoring, so that you can convert the project team to your full-time employees to better support the growth of your business and become a valuable asset of your own.
* Our offer can include an onsite project manager to bridge the communication gap that is crucial to the success of any complex projects.

